Shampoo shampoo the baby here very good
that is so cute Allison oh you want to
put a diaper
oh over here get her in there
and shampoo her hair did we do this
shampoo
Oh open yeah you cleaned up yeah Oh
vicious party she's going party
oh oh oh she's going to party no party
no yeah oh oh I see yeah you clean down
there cuz you do the party huh oh oh oh
he's gonna watch your hand
happy moves very happy happy happy she
took a bed oh and clean her tushy to
pull me in here Tommy oh here's the baby
all clean now
oh yeah pretending to take
no more water you want to go down you
ready to drive baby oh no that's too bad
you want to sing row room to the bath
baby
you go check and you down this channel
and you want to sing with me yay we got
you might take doing it oh you're bad
Jeff you did all right say bye bye